hello I'm Juliet and this is Delilah and
today we're going to make some amazing
watermelon doughnuts
why did their doughnut and need to go to
their doctor to the doctor don't go to
the dentist
I don't know Stephanie right should we
get mixing yeah we've got wet
ingredients in one bulb and a giant
Greek yes do you want to give those a
little bit before whisk up just to kind
of separate them all no not separate at
all to fuse them all together
all we do is add our wet ingredients
into the dry ingredients so do you want
to be in charge of pouring that swap it
all in there sometimes you get a little
bit in the bottom so just make sure see
how's a little bit of flour left there
so just give it a bit of a good hold
stuff Alex quite good do you think
brilliant so look about that's all ready
for baking to a lovely donut mixture so
we've got some little donut pans
they've got the little donut shapes in
those the best way to put that mixture
into the donut pans
is we're gonna put it in a piping bag
please don't look for it and then
they'll get you want to be in charge of
holding the bag and I'll fill it up got
it here we go
okay so I haven't cut a hole in it don't
you worry I wouldn't do that to you here
it comes
feel a nice sweet toss feel weird
doesn't it we're gonna use one of these
clever clips because if we don't do that
what's gonna happen it's down there full
now
it'll put the crumble out the top won't
it just actually Accio your whip fun
it's mine
I'm gonna sleep a bit of a hole in here
so just like that we don't want to have
too much so it kind of all comes out
really quickly so I just like to hold it
like that
so it doesn't all come out go everywhere
like that so what we're gonna do is just
go squeeze it like that and we want it
to be just over halfway that's perfect
like that can it oh look we've done
that's it
lovely spot isn't it you know how like
an ice cream machine comes from the top
down that's it it's got a mind of its
own that's it like milking a cow there
we go so I'm gonna pop these in the oven
wait Juliet if you're lazy Candice pie
from my shop can you yep oh yes big them
in there Oh doughnuts are all lovely and
baked and spongy aren't they yeah so
they are ready to decorate so we're
gonna take these candy coatings could
you bring the green one over Delilah
we'll get these all melted and then we
can decorate them as watermelon
doughnuts should get them melted then
something's wrong oh yeah
so these belong to you should we make
sure this is all nice and melted let's
check how's yours did oh that's lovely
and run isn't it we need to do all the
pink bit in the middle you know how
Malta melons got the pink in the middle
and then the green on the outside so
I'll show you how we do that and we're
gonna let that dry and then we'll do the
green bit so this is the first stage
there is a lip all in the middle letting
it fall in the middle but not going
right the edge just kind of like that
give them a bit of a bulge like that and
we're just gonna leave them to set like
that you want have a go
that's it so your portal in the middle
ba-bum there we go around around around
around
there we go that's ready for bumping
brilliant so we'll save this because
we're gonna use this to stick on our
chocolatey pips we're gonna let those
sit we're gonna pop those in the fridge
for ten minutes and then we can come
back and do the green bit sound good
yeah they're perfect so now we can do
the greeny bit Conway so I'll show you
how we do this pick up each one spin it
round like that in the green so like
this Biff Biff Biff Biff Biff all right
it doesn't matter if you go for like the
pink no that's right because you would
slightly cover over it so we haven't got
a gap so there we go if we make a little
bit of a mistake it's not the end of the
world we can wipe it off so I just get
some kitchen roll where's that gone have
you hidden it again so you kind of have
to be careful not to touch the top don't
you yeah it's not too tricky there we go
nice John be the last one yeah there's a
couple bits where we get a bit of the
green on but easily go like that yeah
Julie's tried that's right charlie
hmm nice I wash my hands now though
because I'm not gross like here am I
we're eating all my watermelon pips
we're gonna stick them on using a little
bit of the pink and a cocktail sticks we
only want a tiny doc care bit of
chocolate and go Bom Bom Bom Bom put our
chocolate pieces on the pink melted acid
and this is gonna make them look really
realistic like real watermelons so let's
get these all stuck on shall we
last autumn and see
need what do you think of those get a
good thing though yeah she trial on the
stats with her mmm so that was really
fun wasn't it thanks for watching guys I
hope you enjoyed the video and for more
videos check out the BBC good food
YouTube channel and we'll see you next
time
[Music]